You need to make it unbelievably,
painfully, extremely clear to all of the
people that you know that the reason
their living standards are getting worse
is because of growing inequality. They
want their future families, their kids,
and their grandkids to be able to afford
housing, food, heating, financial
security. The only way to deal with that
is dealing with growing wealth
inequality. And the only way to deal
with that is taxing the billionaires. So
listen, that's what I want you guys to
do. I want you guys to go home to your
communities. I want you guys to resist
hatred and division. And I want you to
educate, educate, educate your families,
your friends, your communities. The only
way to protect your futures, your
wealth, is to tax wealth and not work.
The change is coming. I guarantee you,
you're going to see big change,
political change, economic change in the
next 10 years. Okay? The future is there
to be won. It's you against the
billionaires. Protect your wealth.
Protect your communities. Go home and
stand with your friends and families.
Yes. Stand together. Don't be divided.
You're going to need each other. All
right. Tax wealth network.